docs/accounts.md, before:

# Accounts

* [Create User](#create-user)
* [Confirm Email](#confirm-email)
* [Get Me](#get-me)
* [Get User](#get-user)
* [Update User](#update-user)
* [Change Password](#change-password)
* [Create Invitation](#create-invitation)
* [Confirm Invitation](#confirm-invitation)
* [Create Password Reset](#create-password-reset)
* [Confirm Password Reset](#confirm-password-reset)

## Create User

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret \
	-d '{
		"email": "test@user",
		"password": "test_password"
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": false,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Confirm Email

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/confirmations/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Get Me

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/me \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c"
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Get User

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c"
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Update User

Send the full user object as partial updates are not supported (if required, partial updates could be implemented via `PATCH` method).

Example request:

```
curl -XPUT --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
	  "_links": {
	    "self": {
	      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
	  	}
	  },
	  "id": 1,
	  "email": "test@user",
	  "first_name": "test_first_name_updated",
	  "last_name": "test_last_name_updated",
	  "picture": "test_picture_updated",
	  "role": "user",
	  "confirmed": true,
	  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
	  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "test_first_name_updated",
  "last_name": "test_last_name_updated",
  "picture": "test_picture_updated",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
}
```

## Change Password

To change a password use the same endpoint you use to update a user. Only `password` and `new_password` fields will be read from the request. No need to send the full user object.

If a user has a password already, the `password` will be compared to the current user's password and error returned if they do not match.

User's password is set to the value of `new_password`.

Example request:

```
curl -XPUT --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "test_password",
		"new_password": "some_new_password",
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "test_first_name",
  "last_name": "test_last_name",
	"picture": "test_picture",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
}
```

## Create Invitation

The invited user should receive an email with a link to a web page where he/she can set a password and therefor activate the account.

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/invitations \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"email": "john@reese",
		"role": "user"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Confirm Invitation

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/invitations/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "new_password"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Create Password Reset

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/password-reset \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret \
	-d '{
		"email": "test@user"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Confirm Password Reset

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/password-reset/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "new_password"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

Commit message:

Paswordless users cannont change their passwords.

docs/accounts.md, after:

# Accounts

* [Create User](#create-user)
* [Confirm Email](#confirm-email)
* [Get Me](#get-me)
* [Get User](#get-user)
* [Update User](#update-user)
* [Change Password](#change-password)
* [Create Invitation](#create-invitation)
* [Confirm Invitation](#confirm-invitation)
* [Create Password Reset](#create-password-reset)
* [Confirm Password Reset](#confirm-password-reset)

## Create User

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret \
	-d '{
		"email": "test@user",
		"password": "test_password"
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": false,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Confirm Email

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/confirmations/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Get Me

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/me \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c"
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Get User

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c"
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "",
  "last_name": "",
  "picture": "",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z"
}
```

## Update User

Send the full user object as partial updates are not supported (if required, partial updates could be implemented via `PATCH` method).

Example request:

```
curl -XPUT --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
	  "_links": {
	    "self": {
	      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
	  	}
	  },
	  "id": 1,
	  "email": "test@user",
	  "first_name": "test_first_name_updated",
	  "last_name": "test_last_name_updated",
	  "picture": "test_picture_updated",
	  "role": "user",
	  "confirmed": true,
	  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
	  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "test_first_name_updated",
  "last_name": "test_last_name_updated",
  "picture": "test_picture_updated",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
}
```

## Change Password

To change a password use the same endpoint you use to update a user. Only `password` and `new_password` fields will be read from the request. No need to send the full user object.

The `password` will be compared to the current user's password and error returned if they do not match - hence why users without password (registered via Facebook, for example) have to reset their passwords for the first time.

User's password is set to the value of `new_password`.

Example request:

```
curl -XPUT --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/users/1 \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "test_password",
		"new_password": "some_new_password",
	}'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "/v1/accounts/users/1"
    }
  },
  "id": 1,
  "email": "test@user",
  "first_name": "test_first_name",
  "last_name": "test_last_name",
	"picture": "test_picture",
  "role": "user",
  "confirmed": true,
  "created_at": "2015-12-17T06:17:54Z",
  "updated_at": "2015-12-18T07:09:15Z"
}
```

## Create Invitation

The invited user should receive an email with a link to a web page where he/she can set a password and therefor activate the account.

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/invitations \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"email": "john@reese",
		"role": "user"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Confirm Invitation

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/invitations/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "new_password"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Create Password Reset

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/password-reset \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-u test_client_1:test_secret \
	-d '{
		"email": "test@user"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.

## Confirm Password Reset

Example request:

```
curl --compressed -v localhost:8080/v1/accounts/password-reset/bd89167b-0e82-46a0-8e30-cff25436f40f \
	-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
	-H "Authorization: Bearer 00ccd40e-72ca-4e79-a4b6-67c95e2e3f1c" \
	-d '{
		"password": "new_password"
	}'
```

Returns `204` empty response on success.
